Updating readme to reflect llm-d collab! (#855)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension: README.md

[LoRA Adapters]:https://docs.vllm.ai/en/stable/features/lora.html
[External Processing]:https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/ext_proc_filter

> ## Model Server Integration

Author: Done

![Architecture Diagram](./docs/inference-gateway-architecture.svg)

### Model Server Integration

IGW’s pluggable architecture was leveraged to enable the [llm-d Inference Scheduler](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler).  

> Llm-d customizes vLLM & IGW to create a disaggregated serving solution. We've worked closely with this team to enable this integration. IGW will continue to work closely with llm-d to generalize the disaggregated serving plugin(s), & set a standard for disaggregated serving to be used across any [protocol-adherent](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/tree/main/docs/proposals/003-model-server-protocol) model server. IGW natively supports vLLM, support for: Google's Jetstream, nVidia's Triton, text-generation-inference, and SGLang is coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Llm-d customizes vLLM & IGW to create a disaggregated serving solution. We've worked closely with this team to enable this integration. IGW will continue to work closely with llm-d to generalize the disaggregated serving plugin(s), & set a standard for disaggregated serving to be used across any [protocol-adherent](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/tree/main/docs/proposals/003-model-server-protocol) model server. 

IGW natively supports vLLM and Triton, support for: Google's Jetstream, text-generation-inference, and SGLang is coming soon. More details can be found in [model server integration](https://gateway-api-inference-extension.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/model-servers/)
```

Author: Updated

> It currently requires a version of vLLM that supports the necessary metrics to predict traffic load which is defined in the [model server protocol](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/tree/main/docs/proposals/003-model-server-protocol).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
